  --========  Review Reports  ========--

The review report from reviewer #1:

*1: Is the paper relevant to Bigdata?
  [_] No
  [X] Yes

*2: How innovative is the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very innovative)
  [X] 4 (Innovative)
  [_] 3 (Marginally)
  [_] 2 (Not very much)
  [_] 1 (Not)
  [_] 0 (Not at all)

*3: How would you rate the technical quality of the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very high)
  [_] 4 (High)
  [X] 3 (Good)
  [_] 2 (Needs improvement)
  [_] 1 (Low)
  [_] 0 (Very low)

*4: How is the presentation?
  [_] 5 (Excellent)
  [X] 4 (Good)
  [_] 3 (Above average)
  [_] 2 (Below average)
  [_] 1 (Fair)
  [_] 0 (Poor)

*5: Is the paper of interest to Bigdata users and practitioners?
  [_] 3 (Yes)
  [X] 2 (May be)
  [_] 1 (No)
  [_] 0 (Not applicable)

*6: What is your confidence in your review of this paper?
  [_] 2 (High)
  [X] 1 (Medium)
  [_] 0 (Low)

*7: Overall recommendation
  [_] 5 (Strong Accept: top quality)
  [_] 4 (Accept: a regular paper)
  [X] 3 (Weak Accept: could be a poster or a short paper)
  [_] 2 (Weak Reject: don't like it, but won't argue to reject it)
  [_] 1 (Reject: will argue to reject it)
  [_] 0 (Strong Reject: hopeless)

*8: Detailed comments for the authors
  This paper proposes an edit based technique for representing sequences of
textual data with respect to a reference collection. The proposed approach is
applied to three different tasks: grammar error correction, student essay
clustering, and native language identification.

The proposed method is well motivated since a comparable analysis of a document
with a reference text enables the discovery of subtle patterns in the document.
To the best of my knowledge, the proposed edit based transformation technique
is novel. Text representation beyond bag-of-word is a fundamental problem in
text mining. Therefore, the proposed method would have many applications that
involve text data. The experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the
proposed approach on three applications. The paper is well organized in
general.

One concern about the proposed approach is its scalability as this conference
is on Big data. The sizes of the datasets used in the experiments are quite
small, i.e., 1,036 training sentences in grammar error correction, 2,800
documents in student essay clustering, and 5,600 essays in native language
identification. For an index j in each iteration, there are V_INS+V^SUB(W_J)+1
candidate edits, which could be a large number. The complexity also depends on
k, the number of iterations, which was set to small values in the experiments
(e.g., k=1 in essay clustering). The authors should investigate the efficiency
of the proposed method on large-scale testbeds.

The performance of SYNTACTICDIFF seems quite modest. In the task of grammar
error correction, the system would place the 7th in the CoNLL shared task, only
better than 11 other teams. The paper should report the results of the best
teams and also the state-of-the art methods on the task. In native language
identification, the features extracted by SYNTACTICDIFF yield worse results
than the unigram words features. By combining the two sets of features, the
performance has modest improvement over unigram words (it is unclear whether
the improvement is statistically significant).


========================================================
The review report from reviewer #2:

*1: Is the paper relevant to Bigdata?
  [_] No
  [X] Yes

*2: How innovative is the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very innovative)
  [_] 4 (Innovative)
  [X] 3 (Marginally)
  [_] 2 (Not very much)
  [_] 1 (Not)
  [_] 0 (Not at all)

*3: How would you rate the technical quality of the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very high)
  [_] 4 (High)
  [X] 3 (Good)
  [_] 2 (Needs improvement)
  [_] 1 (Low)
  [_] 0 (Very low)

*4: How is the presentation?
  [_] 5 (Excellent)
  [_] 4 (Good)
  [X] 3 (Above average)
  [_] 2 (Below average)
  [_] 1 (Fair)
  [_] 0 (Poor)

*5: Is the paper of interest to Bigdata users and practitioners?
  [_] 3 (Yes)
  [X] 2 (May be)
  [_] 1 (No)
  [_] 0 (Not applicable)

*6: What is your confidence in your review of this paper?
  [X] 2 (High)
  [_] 1 (Medium)
  [_] 0 (Low)

*7: Overall recommendation
  [_] 5 (Strong Accept: top quality)
  [X] 4 (Accept: a regular paper)
  [_] 3 (Weak Accept: could be a poster or a short paper)
  [_] 2 (Weak Reject: don't like it, but won't argue to reject it)
  [_] 1 (Reject: will argue to reject it)
  [_] 0 (Strong Reject: hopeless)

*8: Detailed comments for the authors
  This paper introduces SyntacticDiff which is an edit based method for
transforming sequences of words given a reference text collection. The paper
overall is well written and the approach for transforming one piece of text
into another using a language modelling approach is fairly general. The authors
have shown that such a method can be used in different application areas with
limited dependence on linguistics resources.

The one problem that I see with this paper is that the authors claim that this
approach is general and can scale to big text data, however the tests were done
only on a small scale data set. So the authors should either show how well
their method scales on 1 large dataset or refrain from making this claim which
undermines the quality of the work.

There are a few typos throughout the paper for example: page 1 column 2
"Syntacticdiffis". Please proof read to weed out the typos.


========================================================
The review report from reviewer #3:

*1: Is the paper relevant to Bigdata?
  [_] No
  [X] Yes

*2: How innovative is the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very innovative)
  [X] 4 (Innovative)
  [_] 3 (Marginally)
  [_] 2 (Not very much)
  [_] 1 (Not)
  [_] 0 (Not at all)

*3: How would you rate the technical quality of the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very high)
  [X] 4 (High)
  [_] 3 (Good)
  [_] 2 (Needs improvement)
  [_] 1 (Low)
  [_] 0 (Very low)

*4: How is the presentation?
  [X] 5 (Excellent)
  [_] 4 (Good)
  [_] 3 (Above average)
  [_] 2 (Below average)
  [_] 1 (Fair)
  [_] 0 (Poor)

*5: Is the paper of interest to Bigdata users and practitioners?
  [X] 3 (Yes)
  [_] 2 (May be)
  [_] 1 (No)
  [_] 0 (Not applicable)

*6: What is your confidence in your review of this paper?
  [X] 2 (High)
  [_] 1 (Medium)
  [_] 0 (Low)

*7: Overall recommendation
  [X] 5 (Strong Accept: top quality)
  [_] 4 (Accept: a regular paper)
  [_] 3 (Weak Accept: could be a poster or a short paper)
  [_] 2 (Weak Reject: don't like it, but won't argue to reject it)
  [_] 1 (Reject: will argue to reject it)
  [_] 0 (Strong Reject: hopeless)

*8: Detailed comments for the authors
  The paper presents SyntacticDiff, a general edit-based method for
transforming sequences of words given a reference text collection. The
transformation can then be used directly or as features to represent text data
in a wide range of application. To showcase the usefulness of the method, the
paper describes the promising results from a series of extensive experimental
studies based on three different text-related tasks.

Overall, this is a well-written paper, with very interesting novel ideas along
with convincing experimental results. It can be used to enhance wide range of
existing text-related applications.

It would be nice if the authors could make the software package of
SyntacticDiff for public usage.

Minor comments:

* Section I.A. First two words of the section need to have a space in between.

* Citation [17] No author information is included.

* Missing citation: A Graph Approach to Spelling Correction in Domain-Centric
Search. Zhuowei Bao, Benny Kimelfeld, Yunyao Li. ACL 2011

Reference corpus is used for spell correction.

========================================================
The review report from reviewer #4:

*1: Is the paper relevant to Bigdata?
  [_] No
  [X] Yes

*2: How innovative is the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very innovative)
  [_] 4 (Innovative)
  [X] 3 (Marginally)
  [_] 2 (Not very much)
  [_] 1 (Not)
  [_] 0 (Not at all)

*3: How would you rate the technical quality of the paper?
  [_] 5 (Very high)
  [_] 4 (High)
  [_] 3 (Good)
  [X] 2 (Needs improvement)
  [_] 1 (Low)
  [_] 0 (Very low)

*4: How is the presentation?
  [_] 5 (Excellent)
  [_] 4 (Good)
  [_] 3 (Above average)
  [_] 2 (Below average)
  [X] 1 (Fair)
  [_] 0 (Poor)

*5: Is the paper of interest to Bigdata users and practitioners?
  [_] 3 (Yes)
  [X] 2 (May be)
  [_] 1 (No)
  [_] 0 (Not applicable)

*6: What is your confidence in your review of this paper?
  [X] 2 (High)
  [_] 1 (Medium)
  [_] 0 (Low)

*7: Overall recommendation
  [_] 5 (Strong Accept: top quality)
  [_] 4 (Accept: a regular paper)
  [_] 3 (Weak Accept: could be a poster or a short paper)
  [X] 2 (Weak Reject: don't like it, but won't argue to reject it)
  [_] 1 (Reject: will argue to reject it)
  [_] 0 (Strong Reject: hopeless)

*8: Detailed comments for the authors
  Despite the idea presented by the paper is good and can be jointly applied
with other methods, the structure and the presentation of the paper should be
improved. In particular, the paper contains strong claims (especially in the
Introduction) that are not supported by any reference. The choice of presenting
the related work only at the very end of the paper make the problem above more
critical, also causing a lack of contextualization. Finally, a reference to the
toolkit XXX should be provided. More space should be dedicated to the
contextualization of the proposed research (the related work for each task
should be provided before presenting the results) as well as to the experiment
section. In general, the paper fails to highlight the new contribution over
previous methods.
